greetings Rob Chapman from Chapman
guitars and although I be racked with
illness and it is cold in my country and
I'm missing the land of Skyrim I have
just enough time in my busy schedule to
tell you all about the lost and our ones
as you guys will know every Chapman
guitars model is the limited edition and
them are ones we made 500 of them
so I thought but once ml2 have been
finished we received a phone call and it
turned out that the factory continued to
make ml1 bodies accidentally and they've
made 22 further bodies they said do you
want them or shouldn't burn them and we
said well go ahead and make 22 necks and
send us these guitars they've been left
under a stairwell hidden by the workers
for fear they'd be told off for wasting
materials so the 22 ml ones landed in
the UK and it was very exciting but I
wanted to do something that was special
to really mark the end of the ML one run
because that really is the end of the ML
ones now there'll be no more and I came
up with two concepts
the first concept was to take one of
them and give it to a guy called James
putch's and I'll talk about that in a
minute and there the 21 the lost mr ones
would be modified in keeping with
exactly what I've done to my personal
guitar with a sort of nod of the hat to
some of the modifications that a lot of
the guys on my forum had also done to
their male ones so we took them and we
sent them straight to our UK luthier
Jalen Rose we did this we signed at the
tops down
we oiled the top made it look really
really super nice a little bit brighter
tones threat level fret dress perfect
frets now absolutely spot-on we they
come with the standard pickups still
they sound great
my one just happens to have some
DiMarzio love in there the wiring is
different I came across a wiring that
really suited me
while I was in America recording with a
Kramer and what I did was this I
bypassed the tone circuitry so you get
more hired frequencies more tone going
through the system but I kept the coil
time so this is just a coil time I took
out the shadow kill pop not because I
didn't like it but because I wanted a
better swell on my volume because it
already can swell I found the kill pot
to be a little bit jumpy so remove the
kill port regular higher-quality volume
pot in place so rewired fretwork
completely seen to sand down boiled
reassembled all in the UK strung setup
to perfection so all of this finishing
and modification what was done in the UK
and we sat back at the right let's sell
them for 399 and I told my forum last
night and it was late for something like
8 o'clock 9 o'clock and within 10
minutes five of them are gone I'm just
gonna see now how many we actually have
left we've got seven left so I apologize
if by the time this video uploads there
aren't any left
I did my past I always tell my forum
first because those guys stick by me so
if you're after a lost ml one from
Chapman guitars go to Anderton's co dot
UK and you'll find the lost ml ones
waiting for you to be found as I said
become a standard pick ups but I'm going
to play some of mine anyway just for the
hell of it so this is my lost ml one
actually this is prototype 2 and this is
the one that the lost other ones are
based upon so I've got a mojo I've got a
cruiser a chopper in mine and yeah it's
amazing
let me start off with some of the coil
taps tones I'm using a dark Tara and a
whole bunch of TC Electronics paddles
so because I'm rushing to get this video
up so they're not sold out this is just
a camera audio I'm using a dark Tara a
whole bunch of TC Electronics patents
I'll start with support tap tones and I
gave you some other full bar tones
so they have the lost ml once all 21 of
them each one comes with a hand signed
certificate from me get them while you
can
take it easy guys choppers out